Upgrade the Dart/Flutter SDK to v4 (#2599)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/dart/index.md

---
name: Dart
doc_link: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dart/
support_level: production
type: framework
---

Get the SDK from [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/sentry) by adding the following to your `pubspec.yaml`:

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-install" />

Import `Sentry` and initialize it:

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-config" />

Capture a test exception:

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-verify" />

### Next steps

> Check out the [Dart documentation](https://sentry-docs-git-ref-flutter-v4.sentry.dev/platforms/dart/) to learn about configuration options available.

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the [Dart documentation](http://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dart/) to learn about configuration options available.
```

Author: CI is not happy because `http://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dart/` does not exist yet

Author: I removed it, the wizard adds automatically a Note + button for docs

---
name: Dart
doc_link: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dart/
support_level: production
type: framework
---

Get the SDK from [pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/sentry) by adding the following to your `pubspec.yaml`:

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-install" />

Import `Sentry` and initialize it:

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-config" />

Capture a test exception:

<PlatformContent includePath="getting-started-verify" />

> ### Resources
> 
> Flutter has extensive documentation, including a
> [cookbook on integrating with a Sentry version earlier than 4.0.0](https://flutter.dev/docs/cookbook/maintenance/error-reporting).

Reviewer: I think this is noise.

We could link to the docs instead?
```suggestion

### Next steps

Check out the [Dart documentation](http://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dart/) to learn about configuration options available.
```
